Update rules (#13)
ia-toki/apio-2021-web: rules.md

* The source program provided by the contestant must be contained in one source file as specified in the task statement.
* Submissions must not perform explicit input and output operations; instead data must only be exchanged through the interfaces specified in the task statement.
* For each programming task, the contestants can download a zip file for a programming task from the grading system.
  * The zip file contains interface files, a sample grading program, a compile script, and a skeleton implementation of a required source file.
  * The skeleton exercises an interface, but it does not solve the task.
  * The provided sample grader would not be the same as the official grader used by the grading system.

>   * The provided compile script in the task attachment might run a different compilation command to accommodate various compiler implementations that contestants have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The provided compile script would not run the same compilation command as the one used by the grading system to accommodate various compiler implementations that the contestants have.
```

> * Each contestant may submit a solution to each task at most once per minute. This restriction does not apply in the last 15 minutes before the end time of the contestant.

Reviewer: `s/in the last/within`?
